.. _underlying-hazard-science:

Underlying Hazard Science
=========================

A comprehensive and transparent description of the methodologies 
adopted during the implementation of the hazard component of the 
OpenQuake engine, an open-source hazard and risk calculation engine.

Citation
--------

Please cite this document as:

Pagani, M., Monelli, D., Weatherill, G. A. and Garcia, J. (2014). The
OpenQuake engine Book: Hazard. *Global Earthquake Model (GEM)
Technical Report 2014-08, doi: 10.13117/- GEM.OPENQUAKE.TR2014.08, 67
pages.*

Waiver
------

The OpenQuake engine Book Hazard is distributed in the hope that it
will be useful, but without any warranty: without even the implied
warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
While every precaution has been taken in the preparation of this
document, in no event shall the authors of the manual and the GEM
Foundation be liable to any party for direct, indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages, including lost profits, arising
out of the use of information contained in this document or from the
use of programs and source code that may accompany it, even if the
authors and GEM Foundation have been advised of the possibility of
such damage. The Book provided hereunder is on as "as is" basis, and
the authors and GEM Foundation have no obligations to provide
maintenance, support, updates, enhancements, or modifications.

License
-------

This Book is distributed under the Creative Common License
Attribution-NonCommercial- ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 -
`http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc- <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/>`__
`sa/3.0/). <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/>`__ You
can download this Book and share it with others as long as you
provide proper credit, but you cannot change it in any way or use it
commercially.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Contents:

   introduction
   PSHAwithOQengine
   seismicsourcemodels
   gmpes
   logictrees
   calculations
   bibliography
   glossary